feat: Add config to allow surpressing notification on launch (flag cache load) (#2534)
thomaspoignant/go-feature-flag: website/docs/relay_proxy/configure_relay_proxy.md

| `pollingInterval`                 | int                                    | `60000`            | This is the time interval **in millisecond** when the relay proxy is reloading the configuration file.<br/>The minimum time accepted is 1000 millisecond.                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                        |
| `enablePollingJitter`             | boolean                                | `false`            | Set to true if you want to avoid having true periodicity when retrieving your flags. It is useful to avoid having spike on your flag configuration storage in case your application is starting multiple instance at the same time.<br/>We ensure a deviation that is maximum ±10% of your polling interval.<br />Default: false                                                                                                                 |

> | `DisableNotifierOnInit`       | boolean                                | `false`            | If **true**, the relay proxy will not send a notification when the flags are loaded during initialization. This is useful if you do not want a Slack/Webhook notification saying that the flags have been added every time you start the proxy.<br/>Default: **false**                                                                                                                                                                                                         |

Reviewer: ```suggestion
| `DisableNotifierOnInit`       | boolean                                | `false`            | If **true**, the relay proxy will not call any notifier when the flags are loaded during initialization. This is useful if you do not want a Slack/Webhook notification saying that the flags have been added every time you start the proxy.<br/>Default: **false**                                                                                                                                                                                                         |
```
